away just on Kim to get one more time
sorry they're talking so you suck ass
that was too much right there what's up
guys Molly d coming from the DMV that's
the whole damn V DC Maryland and
Virginia been on the same for four or
five months now since april 2011 if we
takin it all away technically I didn't
change it I changed it to Marla d
because a dollar something she really
can't take seriously United a dollars at
the bernese and a dollars at the VMAs
and I just don't think a dollars is
really like a mainstream name or names
you can be serious about so I'm Marley d
Marley I chose Marley just because i
like the name is scarily she's going to
sweat you know in the d still actually
stands for knowledge but
my music management process beings first
beat of everything I listened to be
whether so burner listen to me a couple
times to get the feel for the beat I
always going to be about what's gonna be
about any clip first click followed by
all the verses of ever and i usually do
choose from a single right
or basically it depends if i have too
many rap joints I just don't see you
keep it had something they can relate to
it especially around here that's why I
say a lot of stuff that they can relate
tonight while ain't no mr. Wiley he puts
off in the area but I mean as soon as I
can do it in a different way first of
all being a girl second of all being in
the global industry it's a lot of
different day a lot of difference breaks
and I he doesn't so I just hope he would
have fun sweat here's a real shit
at first I am a singing first I was in
it I've always done first rappin came
about my accident I didn't mean to start
rapping at the network for shit but now
that I know how I really enjoy it's just
I thought I guess is my sweats funny
shit you can stay alive I do enjoy a
movie since I was saying at first I'm
saying
okay currency gucci bags
erykah badu
I wish it we left our late
although i don't know they have it
but currency is definitely consumption
so correcting to top from chi minh city
Oh Chris favorite be creative definitely
some crazy cougar Creek button somebody
playing basketball I wish I stayed
playing basketball I still play
basketball knows him and when I went to
middle school it was I the ones doing
the basketball tape you gotta practice
every day and I was like I'm not trying
to write us every day I got my English
long time so I didn't want to practice
every day so that's when I gave it but
it wasn't using everything the shoulders
kind of school trying to be a pretty
basketball
what inspires me to decision um I guess
the fact that i qu honestly I'm not one
of those who was a bad rap or a bad
singer and just jumped into this for the
money I've been singing rapping singing
for a long time everybody seems to like
it so I just decided to pursue it and
really just my talent
I want to do it Julian are in the future
my mango I want to do it I want to start
producer also because my love for pizzas
she's ready I would listen to beats all
day no we're excited how much turbulence
so I do want to start position and I
wanted to be seen I want to do my own
medicine and that's what I mean I have a
passion for business that seems to be
growing so I want to get into marketing
shit
the balls come say we're here we're
gonna how much it BJ
that's my money money very different
once I with my first mistake I wanted to
try a lot of different styles a lot of
different things another difference and
subjects everything else but the
traction just so I can see the
perception i am from everybody with a
I like them but I didn't like I was
trapped by my sound is well then so we
malish mana like i said i found in them
and now i can go over that were clad
with style and cohesiveness and idaho
close to the town project was the
he just using the dance
the dishes go have a whole
it's all style to the octopod you see
always always as I was in google for
five years five years all together for
years acting leader shows but five years
all together and it's just in my blood I
don't think I can't get rid of it even
if I tried so that's pretty selfish i'm
trying to hit my music Go Go is dc's
music and I want to represent DC
correcting me and smelling the way
marlies modern life will be I wanted to
be a play on both nights I parties
modern life as I wanted to be like a
journey throughout my life and I'm gonna
have skits on it with various friends
and whatever calling me we make a plan
was to move if he calling me give me my
schedule for the week I won't have likes
kids like that but I also want to play
off of the fact that it's coming from my
favorite show of all time rocco's model
I think I wanna have some samples from
some old shows all that and I have a
sample in there I want to do a bar code
sample stuff like this i want to
introduce both like that and it's just
more have a whole nu swag too i wanted
to try some new concepts and really just
making entertaining a project like a
room
as far as artists concern of course
expect more female rappers I'm being
able to Nadine from Baltimore I don't
know if anybody heard she would be
awesome Minaj more from Michigan his
team I'm trying to get up with a funky
feet maybe Susan kilo the priest or a
colonic the man gotta put my boys shout
out to preschool really and basically
doing what I did at one time which I had
a lot of artists on it and nobody knows
and they're they're artists and I did or
what they do but some of them aren't
even wouldn't even be suing it or they
just haven't yet so when she's like my
secret weapons you know like the head
the morning service all right they crank
we don't so you'll probably see a lot of
all appearances from them but i'm not a
huge fan of collapse so that whole is
trying to be shooting at MIT when your
all right maybe or at the weight so it
comes out and we're looking for new
years eve day for which in that
expensive create activity so it may be
yeah we're going to shoot do you see
out of the school growth let me give me
up with this interview he'll give me a
swag t-shirt
now and I know all my college students
Miller this is about spoiling were some
real shit stickers with that lot of them
at spoon world everything spelled
correctly i know has failed shout outs
in him again will give me this
opportunity and i will be messing with
them fingers from now on a leash and
follow us at the affiliates final my
company at the affiliate at the
underscore affiliates follow me at its
being a bespoke my we need to ask these
in my facebook page up while ed that's d
with tvs just replace the purposes but
booking purposes at me up as booking
modeling as you do their home to see
them and the same places tryna be
extraordinary one latest basic face it
pretty girl in up and down then where is
your sense of self you i can't like you
from one now you just need to